feat(components): add additional config for graph output command (#21194)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/21194_dot_graph_attributes.feature.md

> Adds support for additional graph configuration on each component, for adding arbitrary graphviz node attributes when generating a graph via `vector graph`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds support for additional graph configuration on each component so that users can add arbitrary graphviz node attributes when generating a graph via `vector graph`.
```
